If you're not getting the FPS you want
in Black Ops 7, you're probably missing
critical optimizations that you haven't
done. I'm going to show you the exact
configuration files, GPU driver
versions, and nuanced in-game settings
that actually matter for your hardware
configuration. This isn't some generic
turn everything to low guide. We're
going deep on what actually impacts
performance. Let's get right into it.
First, configuration files. Black Ops 7
stores its configuration in your local
app data folder. So, the fastest way to
get there is press your Windows key and
R, type percent local app data, then hit
enter. Then you need to double click
Activision folder, double click Call of
Duty, then double click players. Now,
instead of manually editing all these
settings, you're pretty much just going
to use the pre-optimized configuration
files that are linked in the
description. Simply just drag them over
from the downloads folder to your
players folder, and it will replace the
existing one. And that's it for the
configuration files. Simple, fast, and
it's optimized. Now, now for GPU drivers
and settings, this is very important.
You want to use the GPU driver 581.94.
This is the hot fix driver that fixes
resizable bar support for Black Ops 7,
as well as fix some performance issues
that were caused by previous Windows
update if you've done Windows updates
recently. And this is very important.
Older drivers have issues with the
resizable bar and lower FPS. 581.94
fixed it. And you should absolutely be
using resizable bar now in this game. So
download 581.94, run display driver
uninstaller and then just clean install
this driver. Then once installed, just
open up your Nvidia control panel, go to
manage 3D settings, and then click
program settings. Click add, and then
just choose Black Ops 7 from the drop-
down menu. If you don't see Black Ops 7,
just launch Black Ops 7 real quickly,
then close it. The next time you open up
Nate Control Panel and click program
settings, then click add, you should see
Black Ops 7. Then you're going to do the
following. Power management mode, set
that to prefer maximum performance.
texture filtering quality performance
and then just make sure thread
optimization is on auto. Then make sure
also vertical sync is off if you don't
use VSYNC or G-Sync. Notice I'm not
setting a max frame rate here. Let the
game run unlimited will control frame
pacing through other methods. Now
resizable bar. You need to enable this
in your BIOS. It's critical for Black
Ops 7 performance with driver 581.94.
Go into your BIOS usually by pressing
delete or F2 during a restart. Look for
resizable bar or resize bar support and
above 4G decoding/memory. Different
motherboards call it different things.
Just enable both of those settings and
then save and exit. Now to verify that
it is working, you're going to download
something called GPUZ and then open it.
You're going to look for resizable bar
under the advanced tab and it should say
enabled. Now while we're also in this
program, we're going to check our PCI
Express interface. It should show that
your GPU is running at its maximum PCIe
speed and generation. For example, if
you have a 5090, it should show PCIe x16
5.0 at x16 5.0. If it's showing x8 or a
lower generation, you might have your
GPU in the wrong slot or your BIOS isn't
configured correctly for the PCIe
bifurcation. Hardware accelerated GPU
scheduling. You need to have this on. It
does boost FPS in Black Ops 7. So, go to
Windows settings, system, display,
graphics, change default graphics
settings, and ensure hard red scheduling
is on. Then just restart after enabling
this. It reduces latency by offloading
frame scheduling to your graphics card
and this is very essential for most
competitive games out there. Now for AMD
users, use the latest adrenaline
software and that's all you need to do
for Black Ops 7 because it's solid with
the current versions. And then just open
up AMD software, go to gaming and then
Black Op. And then just make sure
anti-lag is off. You can try turning
this on. However, whenever I had my 970
XT, there was a lot of problems with on.
It was reducing my FPS. Radon boost off.
Radon chill off. Enhancing off. Texture
filtering quality. Set that to
performance and then image sharpening.
You can turn this on for Black Ops 7. It
will look a lot better in game and it
will make no performance cost
whatsoever. Then go to power tuning tab
on the top. It's just under performance.
You can increase your power limit for
more FPS on Radeon graphics cards. So
move the power tuning slider up to 15%
or 20%, whichever your graphics card
allows you. This allows your graphics
card to maintain higher boost clocks,
but obviously it's going to pull more
power. It's pretty much free
performance, so you should use it. Now,
resize bar support on AMD. This one's
nuanced. AMD calls it smart access
memory. Enable it in your BIOS just like
Nvidia, but I've tested the 9070 XT
specifically, and there was lower FPS
with the resizable bar enabled in Black
Ops 7. So, if you're on RDNA 3 or newer,
test with it on and off. Monitor your
frame times. If you see inconsistent
frame pacing, just put it back to
disabled. For RDNA2 cards, like the 6700
XT or 6800 XT, it generally works fine.
Same as in the video, you could just
pretty much check your resize bar
support with GPU Z and you could also
verify that your PCIe interface is
running at full speed. You should see
PCI X16 at your card's maximum
generation and Gen 4 to Gen 5 is the
normal for most modern AMD cards. Now,
same as Nvidia, make sure that hardware
accelerate GPU scheduling is turned on
and then just restart after enabling it.
Now, for in-game settings, the config
file we installed gives you basically
everything that you need for performance
and the base config is set for maximum
performance with competitive clarity.
That's why Fidelity FXCAS is turned on.
But if you have a higherend graphics
card like a 4080 or above or a 7800 XT
and above, you can increase some of the
settings for better visuals without
sacrificing much performance. So texture
quality, you can set it to higher or
ultra. And then model quality, you can
do the same thing. And then texture
filtering quality, you can set it to
high. Everyone else should stay at the
optimized settings from the config file.
And then field of view, set this to 100
to 120 depending on what you want. It
just makes the field of view higher. And
obviously you are going to lose a little
bit of performance but the competitive
advantage is just there. Now frame rate
limit I would recommend setting this to
unlimited in game or just cap your Mars
refresh rate for max smoothness.
Alternatively for Black Ops 7 you can
use G-Sync if you have a modern G-sync
monitor. Nowadays G-Sync doesn't add as
much latency as it used to back in the
past. So it's viable option for most
people that just want to look for no
screen tearing and maximum smoothness.
Now a couple more window settings that
matter. Xbox Game Bar, you want to
disable it unless you have a dual CCD
processor like a 9950 X3D and you
haven't disabled the second CCD. This
overlay obviously causes input lag in
Black Ops.
So just go to press Windows key and R,
type reggedit, press okay, go to HQ
current user, expand system, click game
config store, and then on the right
double click game DVR enabled and set
that to simply zero. and then press
okay. Now, Windows Power Plan, you want
to set this to high performance or
ultimate performance if available. So,
just go to control panel, power options,
and set it to high performance. And
that's it for Windows. Keep it simple
and just keep it optimized. Now, after
making these changes, you need to verify
your performance. Black Ops 7 has a
built-in benchmark, but just do not
hyperfixate on this bench because the
results are not very comparable to
in-game performance. So, I'm just going
to show screenshots of low-end graphics
cards to mid-range graphics cards as
well as high-end graphics cards. If
you're not hitting some of these
targets, you need to go back and verify
everything that you did following this
video is correct or you might have other
problems that require some expertise. So
on 1080p with a 4060 Ti with the
configuration file set, we are getting
232 average FPS in the benchmark. And
this is with resizable bar support
obviously turned on. Now again on 1080p
if you have a 4080 super paired with an
i9 or something similar you should be
getting around 362 average FPS that is
with the configuration file that we set.
Now subtract around 30 frames from this
benchmark cuz the GPU is overclocked on
this benchmark. Without obviously
overclocking your graphics card you are
missing a little bit of performance in
the benchmark. So I'll say around 300
fps range is what you should be hitting
on 1080p with a 4080 super or 4080. Now,
on a 5090, which is as crazy as it is,
on 1440p and specifically 1440p, on
1080p, obviously, it's different. Uh,
with fidelity turned off, so no
upscaling, it should be around almost
close to 400 average FPS. Now, I'll say
without overclocking, without doing any
special tuning, you should be hitting at
least 380 average FPS on 1440p. Now,
1080p, I'm just not even going to count
that because it's a 5090. No one with a
5090 is really running 1080p. Now,
everything I just showed you will get
you 80% of the way there, but there's a
limit to what you can do manually. BIOS
optimization, RAM tuning, and advanced
Windows configuration require expertise
and time that most people do not have,
and that's where we come in. Our core
optimization service handles complete
BIOS configurations for your specific
motherboard. Custom Zillios deployment,
which is just the pre-optimized Windows,
and it has all the basic Windows tweaks
I showed, plus the advanced tweaks that
not a lot of people talk about. GPU
driver optimizations and optimized
configuration files for most of the
games that you are playing. And the
average result we've been getting with
Black Ops 7 is 70 to 100 more FPS with
better.1% lows compared to stock
settings. This takes 30 to 45 minutes
and cost $65 during our current holiday
sale. And if you want the maximum
performance, our competitive
optimization adds RAM overclocking and
timing tuning, advanced CPU
overclocking, GPU overclocking, as well
as obviously stress testing. all these
components for stability and
personalized configuration for your
specific setup. This is a 2hour deep
optimization and the average gain is 150
FPS compared to stock depending on what
you had done before. And our holiday
sale pricing is $200. It's normally 250.
Limited spots available because we don't
rush the process. Every optimization is
done thoroughly. So if you want a
professional optimization that goes
beyond what any guide can teach you,
check the link in the description. We're
currently running our first ever holiday
sale with limited availability. So to
recap, configuration files, just drag
them over to your playlist folder. GPU
drivers, use Nvidia driver version
581.94 with resizable bar enabled. And
for AMD, use latest drivers. AMD users,
enable image sharpening and power
tuning. Everyone, pretty much with a
graphics card, verify your PCIe speed
and GPU Z. Enable hardware accelerator
GPU scheduling. And in game, adjust
textures if you have a higherend
graphics card to make the game look a
little bit better. And in Windows,
disable game bar and set your correct
power. And make sure you disable any of
the bloware that comes with your PC if
it is a pre-built or that comes with
Windows. And do all this and you'll see
significant FPS gains. And if you want
to go even further, our optimization
services are linked below. And if this
helped, leave a like, subscribe for more
optimization content, and if you have
questions, drop them in the comments.
And I'll see you guys in the next one.
Peace.